


Here are a few select picture showing the ??highlight? of my trip.

 On day 1, I first took my flight and landed in Vancover at around 11:00 PST time. Once I got setteled in I started to explore Downtown Vancouver and saw the some of the many attractions there. One of them I saw was the Steam Clock in Gas Town. Every 15 minutes it makes a steam noise tune and it sounds very delightful and 
 the expereience was amazing. After this I took a hippo boat to the North of Vancover which was an Island. There were many small shops and resturants. There was also a mesmorizing area were you could sit and enjoy the water view and tall buildings of Vancover. 


 On day 2 of my trip, I took a cruse ship and saw the many parks and places Vancouver had. During the cruse trip I saw factories, parks, cargo ships and more. One of the crew members on the cruse was giving some background information on the history of each location the ship would visit. Once the curse trip was done I got off and got on a Hop-In Hop-Off bus and saw many of the popular places and areas in Vancouver. I stopped off at this street called Granville which was a market were people would sell artistic things, jewlery, scarfs, clothing, crystals and more. There was also a few farmers markets, bakerys, and resturants to eat at. I went shopping for a bit and then had lunch. After this I went back to the Hop-In Hop-Off bus and continued the rest of the tour. During the tour I visited China Town, saw the Vancouver science center and then stopped at Gas Town and saw the Gas Light ring at 7:00 pm. After I got some souvieners and then went back to my hotel. 

 On day 3, I took a ferry to Victoria, the capital of British Coloumbia. The ferry trip was about 1-2 hours. Once I got in Victoria I took a tour bus around Victorias tourist attractions. We saw many shops, parks, the Terry Fox monument set up in one park, the worlds largest totem pokkle and more. After the tour, I took a walk around the streets in Victoria. At night I took an evening walk around the harbour. There was a bright fulll moon in the sky so I decided to take pictures of it. The moon was very beautiful and had a great reflection on the water. 

 Day 4 of my trip started off at the Butchart Gardens. I took pictures and viewed the many gardens it had. There were also so many beatiful and unique flowers. After visiting the Butchart Gardens I went to 2 scenery parks. The first one I went to gave a big view of what the rest of Victoria looked like and the second one have a mesmerizing of the Pacific Ocean. 

I will be explaining what I did on the rest of my days in Vancouver in upcoming blogs. 

